c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID.exe.config
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID.exe
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID.pdb
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID.g.resources
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID.exe
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID.pdb
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\obj\Debug\AfficheurTagRFID.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\nicolas.chancerel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AfficheurTagRFID\AfficheurTagRFID\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
